hi it's the stranger things screw here
and we've made this short film for spot
relief please go to the address on the
screen together with all the change a
lot thanks so much
enjoy okay we should all see that
together
[Music]
stranger things is the hit series that
follows a group of 1980s school friends
as they find themselves fighting the
forces of evil in their hometown
it's about friendships growing up and of
course terrifying monsters Sport Relief
went to LA to meet with the cast and
crew that brings stranger things to life
I'm Steven I'm part of the visual
effects team on stranger things we
create everything from the upside down
to the demo Gorgon the monster that
terrifies the town in the first series
as a story unfolded we had to go further
to establish a monster even more
terrifying than the demagogue in the
mine flare in order to capture the
performance we needed for the mine flare
we auditioned dozens of actors I'm
auditioning for the mind flayer I've
done quite a bit of of scale monster
kind of acting King Kong jaws obviously
well then I am frankly even frightening
to myself sometimes I just wanted to
show everyone that I'm more than just a
pretty face with linson while I and
laser cut abs and stuff I mean of course
I am all of those things you see in real
life as anyone who knows me will tell
you I'm actually very very nasty indeed
I'm hoping that people already started
to see me as a serious actor ready let's
go in the end we went with the
oscar-winning Emma Thompson I mean I can
do scary
[Music]
smoke I mean they'll do that afterwards
obviously they always say that greatest
actors act with their eyes unfortunately
the mind flayer doesn't have any eyes
but luckily Emma Thompson is one of the
world's greatest tongue actors whilst
hard at work preparing the visual
effects for the next series of stranger
things Sport Relief learned of an
exclusive the mind flare is one thing
but what people don't realize is the
effort that goes into special effects
that are almost unseen Mike's bike
riding is a real technical challenge for
us unless you agree by example but good
you can't ride so what we do is get a
stunt rider to perform the body part of
Mike run it through our software to get
the movement wireframe take Mike's head
composited on the animated body drop in
the background and we end up like this
you would not believe the man-hours that
went into that three-second shot
teaching how to ride a bike do you think
I could pull off a shaved head you guys
guys Oh Aaron I want to ride a bike I
did
I wonder out a boy I did that with my
mind she definitely didn't wait up guys
you know Sport Relief is kind of like
the upside down version of Red Nose Day
right I swear also the demo dogs on you
guys if you don't go online and click
the address right now and give anything
you can to help change or even save the
lives of young people in desperate need
at home or overseas it's a strange thing
but small amount of money can do an
amazing amount of good thank you